- Previously
on "Legends of Tomorrow"...
- Mick frickin' Rory.
Allie, remember?
- She wasn't just some girl,
was she?
- Remember
when we dented history?
Your sister is the dent.
Maybe her being here, she'll remember who she was.
- How did you jailbreak
your way out of here?
- I was poking around
your screens, and, suddenly,
I knew how to hack my way out.
- Astra and this
whole bloody mess is on me.
She could continue
releasing souls indefinitely.
- What happened here, John?
- That witch
is Astra's dead mother.
She's through there.
Her spirit's waiting
on the other side
of that door
and none too happy with me.
John?
- Blimey, he's really
cocked it up this time.
- How could you let him
go in there?
That thing is hurting him.
- Then he probably deserves it.
I can't just stand here.
Being an apprentice means
never having to say,
"Sorry I let you get killed
by a poltergeist."
- Get your filthy paws off me!
- No.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
- Move out of the way.
-  Are you sure you know
what you're doing?
- Yes. Maybe.
- Oh, my God.
John?
- Aah!
Oh, Gary, what have you done?
- Sorry,
old assassin habits die hard.
- Babe, now that you've given
me a heart attack,
I was just about to jump in.
Care to join me?
- Whoa, co-showering
in the communal bathroom--
you are getting comfy,
which is a good thing
because I'm gonna need you
to woman the ship.
I've got business in Star City.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah, it's just some stuff
I need to take care of,
but it might take a few days,
which is why I need
an interim captain.
- Captain?
- Mm-hmm.
- No, no, no, no, no.
I was just starting to find
my footing as a Legend.
Nobody likes the boss, babe.
- They like me.
- Yeah, because
you're cool Captain Lance.
I'm just a button pusher
in a boring pantsuit.
- Nah, babe,
just have fun with it.
They are going to love you.
- No.
- Yes.
- No, no, no.
- I miss you already,
Captain Pantsuit.
- No, babe, I'm not--
- Raise you two.
- Make it ten.
- Finally, a real hand.
- She folds.
- Like hell I do.
Like hell you do.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Keeping us in the black.
You lost another account.
First Rasputin, then Bugsy--
- John Constantine--
- Now Meyers.
Your little resurrection
venture is getting too risky.
You turn the tide,
or you'll lose everything.
- I've played nice long enough.
Now it's time to play naughty.
- That's one angry ghost.
- Yeah, and now she's loose
in the bloody house.
- What, that was Astra's mum?
- Yeah, her name is Natalie.
- What did you do to her,
John boy?
It was a long time ago.
She was walking home late
from work,
and some drunken idiot
blew a red light, and...
Her husband, Alex, begged me
to bring her back.
- You never told me that.
- Yeah, well,
I never told anyone.
Now, let's just say
that that night in Newcastle
when we lost Astra,
it was a little more
complicated than an exorcism.
- Something tells me
that you're not telling
the truth.
- Look, I'm trying
to fix it, Nat, all right?
I'm trying to save Astra.
Now help me.
- Doesn't seem to be the answer
she was looking for.
- The demon I summoned
brought Natalie back.
- But if you brought her back,
why is she a ghost?
- Because I botched it,
all right?
I thought I had him
under control, but I didn't.
You can't have her!
- John, get me out of here!
- He took Astra.
Natalie couldn't live
with herself knowing
that the price of her life
was her daughter's.
She killed herself
in this room.
- That's so sa--
- Doesn't look like Natalie's
done with you yet, John-o.
- No, it looks like
Natalie wants to take me
on a trip down memory lane.
- All righty-tighty, then.
You ready for the official
Waverider tour?
- Hmm.
- What would you like
to see first?
- What do you people do
around here for fun?
- If you could just
follow me this way,
First stop, the galley.
Gideon can whip up any kind
of food you can imagine.
Last week, Nate and I
made cheddar biscuits
and had her fabricate
some squeezable butter.
That tasty treat has been
off the shelves since 2024.
- She can make anything,
and you went
with a discontinued condiment.
Wait, can she make clothes?
- Of course.
- Okay, tell the computer
I need a dress
for my perfume launch tonight.
We'll be back in time
for that, right?
- Yes. And, yes,
Gideon can do anything.
She flies the ship,
makes our food,
cleans the toilets,
tracks the timeline.
- Tracks the time--
Do you mean tells the future?
Behrad, we could make billions
off future fall trend reports.
No, no.
Rule number one of time travel,
never look into the future
for personal gain.
- Totally, totally.
- And rule number two,
no social media on the ship.
I thought we were
dropping you off.
- My brother,
the actual superhero...
Invited me to stay.
- Okay, let's just remember
this is a place
of business, okay?
We get called on a mission, you
need to keep out of our way.
- Aye, aye.
- Okay, we'll talk later.
- Sad, what a waste
of a good head of hair.
- Here you go.
Hide it.
- Can your computer lady
make me some cucumber water?
I'm parched
from that dry interaction.
- She and her mom have been
living out of their car
for almost a year,
and now her mom has
a final-round job interview.
- You are incredible.
- I miss you,
but it feels pretty good
to be out here helping people.
- Out.
- Ah, it's okay.
I have to go anyway.
- Okay, uh, well, um,
I'll call you later.
I love you.
I'm--I'm sorry.
I just kind of blurted
that out.
- No, it's okay.
It's okay.
You don't have to be sorry.
I love you, too.
- You do?
- I said "get out."
- Okay, I'll call later.
Bye.
- Okay.
Mick, are you feeling
all right?
- My stomach hurts.
I can't eat.
I can't drink.
I think Allie gave me an STD
back at the reunion.
- Initiating scan.
- Those are not symptoms.
Those are feelings.
Mick, I think
you're developing a crush.
- Is that when you whiz
and it hurts?
- No, it's biology's way
of telling you
you care about someone else
- Dr. Palmer is correct.
The results of my body scan
indicate
that you do, in fact,
like like her.
- Interim Captain Sharpe here,
team meeting in the parlor,
over and out.
Okay, that was good.
It was fun yet to the point.
Not too--
Gideon, are you
broadcasting this?
- Sorry, Miss Sharpe,
I'll shut it down.
- Okay, thank you, we women
have to stick together.
- I always thought of you
as one of the guys.
- Okay, I don't know
what that means.
- He means
that as a compliment.
- I do.
- Okay.
- Hmm.
- That's for you.
That's for you.
- Okay, then.
- Okay.
What did I say about phones?
- What? I need to tell
my boyfriend I'm not dead.
- Uh, boyfriend?
- Yep, internationally
renowned DJ S'more Money.
- Ah, okay, we've got Ray.
Uh, where's Mick?
- He's sick.
Lovesick.
- Oh.
- Oh, lei.
- So while Sara's in Star City,
I wanted to introduce you all
to something that I developed
at the Time Bureau.
I know
what you're all thinking,
Time Bureau, #stuffy.
What can we learn
from those guys?
But we really did have
a lot of fun over there.
Do you remember
taco Mondays, Nate?
- Yeah, those were
some wild taco times.
- Yeah.
- Aloha?
- Yes, A.L.O.H.A.
It stands for assess, listen,
observe, hydrate...
attack!
- What the--
- Cool.
- See?
- Uh, how many pages is this?
- Ava, you ever heard
the proverb
"the fox knows many things,
the hedgehog knows
one big thing"?
- I have not.
- Well, Legends, we're
a fox kind of organization.
Adaptable, off the cuff.
This--this is very hedgehog.
Trying to impose
one way of doing things
onto every situation.
- And not to be rude--
is there a mission here?
- No, I just--
- Okay, then, I'm gonna
introduce Zari to the wonders
of Gideon's Austrian toast.
- Actually, it's French toast.
- Ah...
- Pretty sure it's Austrian.
- Gideon, Gideon,
check the timeline.
- It would appear
that there is a disturbance
at the Bastille
in Paris, 1793.
While the details
are still hazy,
the aftermath is traumatic.
Thousands die, and the
French Revolution collapses.
- Well, looks like
we have a mission,
so everybody stop looking
so "Les Misérables,"
because we are going to France.
Behrad, come on,
we need to move.
- Hey, guys.
- I couldn't stop her.
She found the fabrication room.
- Great.
She's not coming.
- We don't do ride-alongs
in the field, B.
- Ava, I can handle myself
in the field.
I once played capture the flag
to raise awareness
about feline OCD, so...
- This isn't a PR event,
all right?
We're walking into
a deadly situation
facing an Encore
with unknown powers.
I do not have time
to keep my eye on a party girl.
- I do.
- What?
- I mean, come on, Ava,
what's the harm?
- It's against protocol to
bring civilians into the field.
- Tsk.
- Don't "tsk".
- Yeah, but it
would be super cool
if you just let me come anyway.
- Uh, okay, fine.
- Yay.
- Just, uh, make sure
you stay out of our way.
- Yay!
What the hell was that?
- My signature perfume,
Dragonesque.
I needed to do
something to help
that extremely sad outfit.
Spray, delay, walk away.
- Okay, we're going this way.
Jesus.
- I was just doing
a runway turn.
- This period in France
was called the Reign of Terror.
Executions were
a national pastime.
- Whoa!
- Ooh, yikes.
- Yeah, we could definitely
be walking into a bloodbath.
- And you want us
to go in there?
- Yeah, that's our job.
Excuse me, sir.
Uh, we need to get in there.
No.
- It is of vital importance
that we get in there, sir.
Please? Oh.
- Stand back.
- This isn't a club, Zari,
it's an execution.
- An event is an event.
Scoot.
Out of the way.
- Where do you think
you're going?
- Um, do you know
who you're talking to?
What's your name?
- Jean-Paul.
- Très bien.
Now they'll know who to fire
when they find out you left
Zari Tarazi standing outside.
Un grand faux pas.
- Not them.
- Jean-Paul, my purse
isn't gonna walk in by itself.
- Pshh.
- Um, didn't you say
this was an execution?
- Maybe Gideon got it wrong.
- Well,
if they were misérables,
they certainly aren't anymore.
Stop with the thing.
- You know, you can just say
the word,
and I'll put you
in a prime spot uptown.
So I can rub shoulders
with all those
arrogant soul traders?
No, thank you.
- I need some help with one
of the coins you constructed.
- Help?
When else do you come see me?
I assume this
is why you're here?
- How did you--
John Constantine.
I remember making this.
What do you want for him?
- Oh, I don't want
to trade him.
I want to kill him.
Tourist attraction number two.
The night Alex begged me
to save Natalie.
He was supposed to pick her up
that night she got hit,
but they had a big fight,
so she walked.
Alex was beside himself.
He was torn up.
Astra, she hadn't said a word
since the accident.
How was I supposed to say no?
Alex begged me, but I knew
I should have said no.
- Bollocks, John!
Come on, try again!
- Alex wanted it, and I just
provided the how, all right?
What's the difference, Nat?
- So the resurrection was
your idea?
- Yes, all right?
- Nat and I,
we were best friends,
How could I not try
and save her?
- See?
The truth can set you free.
-  ♪ I was on this
world when you went away ♪
- Is that Mucous Membrane?
- ♪ So clearly till this day
♪ I don't want to do this
- This place doesn't seem
too evil.
- Yeah, well, appearances
can be deceiving, okay?
We need to figure out
who this encore is
and what powers they may have.
We start with
the A.L.O.H.A. method, okay?
Assessment, lay low,
don't engage.
- We know how to party sneak.
- Listen to me--you see
something, you say something.
- Captain.
- Yeah.
- You're trying too hard.
It's really desperate.
So this is your job?
Walking around parties?
- Isn't this kind of
what you do?
- Hmm, touché.
No.
- But something
definitely feels off.
At this point
in the French Revolution,
most of the royals had been
separated from their heads.
Even wearing a nice dress could
get you sent to the guillotine.
- Uh, and you let me
come out in this because...?
- I'm sucker for a corset
and an updo.
- Napoleon?
- He should be marching
on southern France,
not getting freaky.
Wha--okay.
Guys, steer clear.
Exercise extreme caution.
- Relax, Ava.
- I'm trying.
- Nora?
- Ava, I think we found
our encore.
She's in the VIP area.
- Nora's our encore?
- No, Ray,
that's Marie Antoinette.
And she should definitely be
without her head by now.
- Oh, great, on to phase two
of A.L.O.H.A.
It's listening.
Now, her powers
could be anything--
teleportation, pyrokinesis.
- Fatal attractiveness.
- I mean...
both: Right?
- Guys?
Guys?
They're not usually like this.
- Well, you're not
usually captain.
- Thank you.
- I just swapped crepe recipes
with a French cooking legend.
This is the best party ever.
- Excuse me, since when
do you drink?
- Whoa,
where did I even get that?
- You know what?
You're right.
Something is definitely wrong.
- Move out of the way.
It is time.
- Of course,
the perfect revenge,
a magical guillotine.
- Shh.
- Guys, be careful, I think
Marie's about to make her move.
- Now!
Let them eat cake!
- Cake, cake.
- Need some cake.
- Crazy.
-  Pardon me.
- Pardonne moi.
- So it's not a guillotine.
- What day is it?
- Uh, how long
have you been here?
- Oh, my God, he's dead.
Ugh, he literally
partied himself to death.
So tacky.
- Look, no, he's not
the only one.
What is happening?
- That's why I don't eat carbs.
This woman is
next-level popular
People would rather die
than leave.
Talk about FOMO.
- My God, that's it.
Marie Antoinette
was beheaded for partying
while France starved,
and now she is literally
killing the Revolution
with a nonstop party.
Legends, we figured it out.
Charm is her superpower.
Hello?
Ray, Nate, Behrad?
It's like she's gotten
to everyone except for us.
So we have to stop this.
- Wait, I'm on the team?
- Sure.
- Okay, what's the plan?
- Uh, we have to find a way
to get Marie Antoinette
out of here without a riot.
The only way to get a celebrity
to leave her own party quietly
is to make her think
there's a cooler party
somewhere else
that she's not at.
- Let's go tell her.
- Uh-uh, girl, you're not gonna
get anywhere in this ensemble.
- What are you doing?
Stop.
- Hey, trust me.
- Ugh.
- Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.
Come on.
♪ Don't you walk away
- That's her, Natalie.
- Oh, she's good.
- Yeah.
- You loved her.
- It's quite the track record,
isn't it?
One lover sent to hell,
the other one a ghost.
- Please, John,
it's eating you up.
You have to stop.
- Look, Natalie, you're gonna
have to trust me
on this one, all right?
I've got it under control.
- If Lester hadn't been there,
I would have lost you tonight.
Look, let's just
leave all this behind.
We'll go to New York.
We'll start clean.
You have to choose.
Magic or me.
Screw you, John Constantine.
- All right, that's enough,
all right?
I don't want you in my head
or in my memories!
No more games!
- We're trapped in this house
with a knife-wielding ghost,
and you're still refusing
to own up to your past.
- You are a fine one to talk,
aren't you?
Well, why don't we poke around
in your closet for a while, eh?
- Why did you leave, Charlie?
- Uh, guys?
- I'm no hero.
It was time to go.
- Yeah, what, you
just wandered
into my house
looking for a party?
What are you really
doing here, eh?
- Don't even try
and turn this on me, all right?
It's your lies
that have trapped us here.
She's right, John.
- Natalie, is that really you?
- Every level of the party
has its guardians.
Getting past the bouncer, easy.
Getting past the friends,
you need to know someone.
- But we don't know anybody.
- I know that guy.
- You know Napoleon?
- No, but they don't know that.
Bonjour, Napoleon.
We're with him.
Oh, she separated
from the pack.
Now's the time.
- Oh, good, work your magic.
- Oh, teaching moment.
The big secret to being cool,
confidence.
It makes people think
you have something they don't.
You got this, Captain.
- No, but I don't--ah...
Thank you.
- I do not know you.
What are you doing here?
- Uh...
- Hmm?
- Ah...
- Ah?
- Leaving.
- Ugh, leaving?
Ugh.
- Actually, I am going
to the after-party.
- What is this "aprés-party"?
- Mm, it's a party
after the party.
It's the best place to be.
- Where is it?
- Mm, I can't tell you.
- Ugh.
- But I can take you.
- Oui,take me.
- Mm.
- Oh, oh, this is my bestie,
Zari--she's coming with.
- Yas, queen.
Mm.
- Guys, I have Marie, and we're
taking her to the Waverider.
- That's a good idea.
We can have her
all to ourselves.
- Whoo!
- Marie, come back.
There is an "aprés-party."
- Guys, we have company.
- Oh, the after-party's
right this way.
- Guys, I need backup.
Corsets are so impractical.
- Marie, where's the party?
- I do not think
this is a good idea.
- We're gonna party our faces
off--it's gonna be great.
- Oh!
- Ew.
- Should've seen that coming.
- Return me to my body
this instant,
or I will have
your head for this.
- Get her to the Waverider!
- Oh, this is weird.
- This party stinks!
- Oh, so true, girl.
But not the point.
She's annoying, you can just--
both:
Yeah.
- Ah, get this thing off of me.
- Ugh, I can't believe
I tried the drink.
- Can't believe I ate
all that gluten-filled cake.
- I can't believe how heavy
that head is.
- Yeah, she really had you
under her spell.
If it weren't for
our interim legend here,
you guys would've partied
to death.
- Well, just to play it safe,
I'm gonna take this
into the library.
- Aah! You see?
- Oh, I'll help you.
- Don't get creepy, Ray.
- So, my sister the superhero.
- Hmm.
- Should I get Gideon
to make you a cowl?
- Mm, cowls are
for middle-aged women
who want to hide
their necks.
But I do need a dress
for the party tonight.
- Fabricator's all yours.
- Yay, thank you.
- Is that really you, Nat?
- I need to hear you say it.
Why did you bring me back?
- Because I loved you, Nat.
I never stopped.
- I'm not here
for the John Constantine
broken hero act.
Say it to my face.
I need to hear the truth.
- I brought you back...
to prove to you
that I was right...
to show you that I was right
to choose magic over us.
- Thank you.
I needed you to admit
to yourself what you did...
because if you're going
to save Astra,
you need to do it for her,
not for your ego.
- Oh, I have tried
to save her, Nat,
I have tried,
but I don't know how.
- I think I found a way.
Follow me.
- Uh, yoo-hoo.
Hello?
E-excuse me?
Can you help me?
Where's my body?
- You were throwing a party
intended to kill people,
so, no, not gonna help you.
When I was 14, I was forced
to leave my family.
People saw the dresses,
the parties, the hair,
and they assumed
I was a spoiled brat.
Really, I was just
a lonely Viennese girl
trying to fit into
French society.
- I've been famous
since I was six years old.
I don't know if people love me
or love to hate me.
What they don't understand is
how hard I work
to create a fantasy
for them.
- The secret is to never let
the party stop.
If I had known then
what I know now...
- Gidget, is there anything
I need to worry about?
- Interim Captain Sharpe
instructed you
not to look at your future.
Just a peek,
little lady computer.
- As you wish.
October 7, 2045.
- Zari Tarazi faces major
backlash from her fans,
known as Z Nation,
after the FDA
banned her perfume
Dragonesque
for destroying users'
sense of smell.
Oh, no.
- I trusted her.
I wanted to be her,
but now I'll never smell
another flower because of her.
- From Z-Nation
to Zero-Nation,
Zari Tarazi's
Cat-Chat followers
have plummeted
to almost zero.
- Meow!
- But I didn't know
there was anything wrong
with the perfume.
This is so unfair.
Okay, I have to get out
in front of this.
Maybe Gidget
can make me a new perfume.
Or I can just take yours.
- No, you cannot have it.
- I mean, it's not like
you're using it.
You have half a neck.
- Why do you care so much
about a bottle of perf--
Oh, you're not super charming,
you used
magical popularity perfume.
Honestly, that makes me
feel better about myself.
Hmm.
- Huh, what are you doing?
- Shh.
- Can't have you
ratting me out.
- Oh, there you are.
Thank God, thank God.
I have been so worried,
but, uh, don't worry--
No, I've totally been keeping
up your Catchat account.
Yesterday I posted
a picture of a cat
licking a tube
of Dragonesque lipstick.
- Gross, Les-Lay.
I would never post that.
- I'm so sorry.
I will delete it.
Here is the hero bottle
for the photoshoot.
- Actually, change of plans.
- Oh, so retro.
- Thanks.
Oh, hi.
- Hey, Z.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
watch the s'more.
What are you doing?
- Sorry, babe.
- So have you decided where you
want to do the proposal yet?
- The what?
- Didn't my agent call you?
- Yeah, um, I haven't had
a chance to tell you yet, Z,
but S'mores' team came up
with the most epic idea.
He should...
propose to you at
next week's MTV Movie Awards
in advance of your DJ and Z
co-branded sunglasses launch.
- Sorry.
We're getting married?
- Yeah, or we can do it
somewhere more chill,
you know, like,
at the DJ S'more Money
spring break
house party live cast.
Something like that?
- How romantic.
- Yeah, it's gonna be dope.
Okay, let's do this.
- Ready for this. Let's go.
- Hey, hey!
- So exciting.
- Okay, one spritz
should be safe.
Spray, delay, walk away.
You have to do a 23andMe.
I mean, she must be
related to you.
Here, doesn't she look
exactly like you?
- Ray, I am looking at
a gagged, decapitated woman.
If that's what
you think I look like,
we have a lot
of processing to do.
- Oh, no, look--
Sorry, Miss Antoinette.
Thief!
- Can you taste the cardamom?
- I can't.
I can't taste anything
because your sister's perfume
clogged up my entire
olfactory system.
Everything tastes like--
- Zari, Zari stole
Marie Antoinette's perfume.
- You should see what Mick
stole from Mexico.
It's disgusting.
- Should consider
ourselves lucky.
At least she didn't do
something to screw up history.
- Oh, my God, the perfume.
That's how Marie did it.
Zari and I weren't affected
'cause we couldn't smell
because of the Dragonesque.
Who knows what kind of damage
she could do with that?
- It's all my fault.
I shouldn't have let her stay.
- I knew it was too early
to pat myself on the back.
- Ah, look, it wouldn't be
a true Legends mission
unless something went wrong.
Or several things.
Uh, wasn't there a body
on that stretcher?
- Have I told you how hot
you look in that dress?
- No, but you can tell me now.
- Super hot!
And you smell fantastic.
You know what?
Screw our agents.
I don't want to wait till
the fall launch
of our sunglasses in October
to begin my life with you.
Hey, listen up!
S'more Money has
an announcement to make!
Zari Tarazi,
will you marry me?
- Uh, S'more--Oh!
Ugh.
- I think I just got
a little too popular.
Oh, oh, God.
- Here, body, body, body,
body, body.
Oh.
Okay, body.
No one wants to hurt you.
- Speak for yourself!
- Hey, come on, Mick.
She's harmless.
It's just a headless body.
Oh, whoa.
A little help here.
No, Mick, don't!
- She's mine!
- Okay, we need
to protect ourselves.
Zari's deployed
Marie's perfume.
- Ah!
- Okay, team, A.L.O.H.A. time.
- Run, run!
- Nate, what do you got?
- I'm assessing Zari
used too much of the perfume,
'cause this crowd is bananas.
- Behrad?
- I'm listening, and I hear
another mob coming.
- Okay, I'm observing,
and there are
way too many people
for us to stop.
We need to get that perfume
off of her to stop this.
- How?
- I have an idea.
I need your help.
- Behrad, now!
- You guys came back for me.
- A Legend never gets left
behind, even an interim one.
Follow me.
- What are you doing?
- Trust me.
- There's too many of them.
I can't stop them all.
- Come on!
- Okay.
- Well, we've tried
the A.L.O.H.A. method.
The A.L.O.
haven't gotten us anywhere.
- What does the H stand for?
- Hydrate!
- S'mores.
- Yeah.
- Zari's boyfriend?
- That's me.
- Ha.
Okay, guys.
- Oh, God.
- Party's over.
- Did Zari just jump
into the fountain?
Whoa, talk about
desperate stunts.
- I'm calling my agent
to schedule a divorce!
- Wait, what does
that last A stand for?
- Attack!
- Hey.
- Look at us.
- We thought we could change
the world with our little loom.
- This one's
to bring me mum back.
- The Loom of Fate--it's not
just a story, it's real.
- Three old Greek birds
cutting threads,
hunkering down over a loom
to weave together
the fate of humankind.
If it's real, how come
I haven't heard of it, eh?
- You're asking
the wrong person.
Why do you think
I brought her here?
What the bloody hell was that?
- What do you know
about the Loom of Fate?
- I know bugger all.
- How did you find
this place, Charlie?
- You told me about it.
Oh, bollocks, I've never told
anyone about it.
Natalie brought you here to
help me save Astra
and stop those encores,
so tell me,
what do you know
about the Loom of Date?
- Fate's a load of crap.
- You haven't answered
my question, Charlie.
- Look, you want to know
what I'm hiding from?
- Yes, I do!
- It's that bloody loom!
- So it is real?
- It was...
Until I destroyed it.
- "Lady in cheap pantsuit
ruins party."
Ava was right
about no phones on the ship.
- Had Gideon
whip you up some new clothes.
Hope you like flannel.
- I do not.
Ew.
Listen, I know,
you're gonna tell me
how selfish I was
for stealing the perfume
and burning the team.
You guys toil away in obscurity
to save humanity
from unknown baddies,
and I just go and spray
evil perfume all over
New York City
without a second thought.
I'm jerk.
I'm sorry.
- I was just gonna ask
if you wanted a doughnut.
- I haven't had a doughnut
in 1,743 days.
- Hey, what is this,
eh, doughnut?
both:
Shut up, Marie.
- Ah, phoo!
- Hey.
Wow.
Nice shirt.
- Hmm, you would be
into lumberjack chic.
- There's an incoming hologram
from Captain Lance.
- Captain.
How'd the mission go?
- Oh, um...
Well, I...
- Killed it.
- She was a foxy hedgehog
out there.
- Okay.
- We got our encore, Captain.
- Oh, good.
I'm glad to hear it.
Ava, call me later
so I can thank you properly.
- Oh, Captain, my captain.
- "Call me later so I can
properly congratulate you."
- Guys, come on.
- She doesn't sound like that.
- Zari!
Hey, are you okay?
- Yeah, I was--
I was just, uh,
enjoying this doughnut
and thinking--
You locked Marie Antoinette up,
but you let me off the hook.
- I mean,
she killed people, Zari.
You screwed up.
You know, everybody screws up.
- Not you.
- Me?
I feel like
I'm screwing up all the time.
- You were so on mission.
You crashed an A-list party
in a pantsuit
and threw yourself
into a fountain.
- Ugh, see,
it's a perfect example.
- No, it was amazing.
You didn't care
what anyone thought.
You were just being you.
I've been trying
to get people to like me
for so long that...
I've forgotten who I really am.
I have millions
of followers but...
zero friends.
- You got one.
- Really?
- Come on.
- Hmm. Well, as your friend,
I have to tell you...
no more pantsuits.
- Mm.
- You're better than that.
- Deal.
- He still has ten years
before the lung cancer
catches up to him.
- Can you make it zero?
- It's a nasty way to go,
especially all at once.
You sure
that's who you want to be?
- Why is it so hard for people
to let little girls grow up.
- John may be the villain
in your story,
but in mine, he's just
cocktail party conversation.
I have a few enemies of my own.
One day, I'm going to call you,
and you are going
to do me a favor.
- You make favor
sound like sin.
This is hell, sweetie.
- Do it.
- You broke the Loom of Fate?
How old are you?
- Old.
- Well, if you broke it,
why are you still running?
- I scattered those damn pieces
all across the multiverse.
Just put an end to it all.
Recently...
I sensed
that something had changed.
It's like my past
was catching up with me, so...
- John, are you okay?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I just got a--
- Bye-bye, Johnny.
- Greg, move your head.